📢 New Post: https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/ (#317)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it-global_group2.md

> ---
> media:
> - bluesky-galaxyproject
> hashtags:
>   bluesky-galaxyproject:
>   - UseGalaxy
>   - GalaxyProject
>   - EOSC
> ---
> Use AnyLabeling in the European Galaxy Server as an interactive tool
> https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/
> ![AnyLabeling](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling.png)
> ![AnyLabeling tasks](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-tasks.png)
> ![AnyLabeling results ](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-results.png)
> ![logo NFDI4BIOIMAGE](https://galaxyproject.org/images/logos/nfdi4bioimage.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
media:
- bluesky-galaxyproject
hashtags:
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - UseGalaxy
  - NFDI4BioImage
  - EOSC
  - NFDI
---
AnyLabeling - an effortless AI-assisted data labeling with AI support from YOLO and Segment Anything (SAM+SAM2) is now available in Galaxy as an Interactive Tool.

https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/

![AnyLabeling](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling.png)
![AnyLabeling tasks](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-tasks.png)
```
